Frank what's this did he have that on
his head hi do you have um mezuzahs do
you have like a yarmulke Ljuba Tallis
nothing for Jewish people oh okay
what is this scene represent which one's
Christ so which which one's God are you
serious I'm not even kidding I didn't
know that I thought God was Jesus's
father
can you explain I'm so I can you explain
it oh you don't know no it's just it's
to one thing and I have a lot
oh I'm so okay I don't want to keep you
okay but that I really thought that God
was Jesus's father so God is Jesus and
and what else there's one other thing
that they are Oh a spirit
okay did you know that that Jesus God
and the Holy Spirit are the same thing
yep you knew that of course I didn't
know that I thought God was Jesus's
father yes actually thought that God was
Jesus's stepfather oh and I thought that
Mary was Jesus's mother not mother I
thought it was the stepfathers ex-wife
I like this
kitchen rules no complaining no sup no
prostitution no late miscarriages anyone
breakdancing these rules will be loved
and forgiven in the usual manner that
that's so welcoming and that's so true
it's true that that no matter what
someone does that Catholic people always
forgive them right because Jewish people
do the same thing right well I'm telling
you that when God and scene mat same
theater people who else
Patrick and when scene Robert in st.
Louis
same Shaniqua yeah I don't think that
was the same it should have been she
would have gotten a lot done
were there Asians right there that's a
really good question I or Indian people
seriously Muslims or or was everyone
just white and forgiving oh my god Frank
look who called God wow that's amazing
should I just open to any page should we
play that game and I'm just okay you
pick a page do your birthday November
oh it opened to November 14th that's
amazing that's amazing
oh look at the title devious ways so God
wrote this God knew had a right like it
was it well one of his children probably
wrote it who were his kids all of us
like we're his children what you're all
God's children so one of his drinking
probably wrote it we mean I'm God's not
my father my father's name is Jeff
giveth he's your father and Jeff and
your father's he is my father's father's
name is Joe yeah yeah but it's like a
spiritual thing
life is not easy my children man has
made of it not what my father meant it
to be I don't understand why what does
his father have anything to do with made
the rest of it ways that were meant to
be straight paths have been made by man
in two ways devious and evil filled with
obstacles and stones of difficulty well
that is the most that's not positive
there's nothing positive about with that
statement at all
well it's supposed to give you strength
how does it give me strength to know
that people are devious and evil and
filled with obstacles and stones of
difficulty how am I supposed to walk
away being like wow it's going to be a
great day I guess because you always
have God what where
but everywhere
they're like us like infinite should I
ask God for a sandwich cuz I'm starving
maybe you can ask
guy who runs the store because he
doesn't like me
Jesus was a cute baby how did they know
when he looked like as a baby did
someone like like Joy's right I don't
know if someone just guessed and it was
like man was it was it man-made they did
a man guess all of this know who guessed
it from people it passed down have you
ever tried noodle kugel
I make amazing really amazing I don't
know wasn't my uncle with apricots and
raisins it makes you no I don't
have a problem with that but well then
you can eat some matzo no mine oh yeah
yeah I do like that with a little butter
you kind of look I seen it I've heard
that I've heard that he was handsome
yeah I think he was the saint of but
what's the saint with the perfect person
he was perfect
yeah he wasn't impatient it's like a
really good person for them but everyone
like you achieve I think I think you
achieve sainthood if you've had it
really rough and then so then I should
be a saint I actually really like this
whole thing I'm starting to really get
it and I just um I haven't really really
satisfied I feel uneasy do you guys do
conversions here no no do you know where
I can do that at a church okay I don't
know where I'm gonna find a church